Update TUI docs. (#796)
AMDResearch/omniperf: docs/how-to/use.rst

   To generate a lightweight GUI interface, you can add the ``--gui`` flag to your
   analysis command.

>    Analyze mode now includes support for a lightweight Text-based User Interface (TUI) that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Analyze mode now supports a lightweight Text-based User Interface (TUI) that
```
